Hello everyone. In this part, I want to
set up uh the setting
layout. Okay, let's take it a second
overlay to switch between this one, the
screen and the other screen of the main
uh settings menu. Okay, to do that, we
have to go here, minimize this
one, choose, and delete another overlay.
Overlay switching file name this
one setting
overlay overlay.
Okay, first one is set one. I go to the
switcher active watch which index it's
zero for the main menu right now. And
this one by default it's set to one. I
want to use this one. Okay, let's go
here
and change the switcher to
one. Uh for this thing menu and add uh
another
image and uh we go to the pixel by
website and download another image
background. Okay. Drag the pixel by
website right here. I want to choose
cyber bank
background for the setting. Let's choose
any background.
[Music]
Okay, let's choose this
one. Choose any background what you
want. Choose highest quality as
possible. Hit
download. After downloading this cyber
pack or background, open the explorer
right here. And from this we have to go
to the main menu and
choose wedges
images. I drag the second
one.
Okay. Now it's fine. After creating this
one, we have to search for image.
Drag this image right
here in the second
overlay. Run this image. Set it to full
screen. From this appearance brush, we
have an image. Select my second
image as a
background. Okay, now it's fine.
Now what you have to do is to search for
horizontal
box and drag this horizontal
box right
here. Select and make it in the middle
of the screen.
After setting to the middle of the
screen in this horizontal box, we have
to
add vertical
box. Okay. Fine. I choose my vertical
box. Okay. In this vertical box, we have
to add the add the
text shadows
quality
text. Okay, this is my text. I want to
change this text.
We have to underline this shadows
quality. We have to add an
image inside this vertical box. Once the
image is selected right
now. Okay. Set the image and go here
ting image side which side for the xaxis
uh set it. And for the yaxis to five is
a lot three. Okay. Fine.
Now in this vertical
box we have to
add some
button. But number
[Music]
one this button add text number
one for the first. Select the first
button right here.
Adjolution. Okay.
Text. This is
low. Let's add some style for my
button. Okay. Before you do that, you
have to asset the top patterning to
10. And now when the button is
normal
10, it's
sorry
here. Okay. rounded
box. Go to the outline. Extra it. Set it
in the middle like
this. Uh make the same as outline like
this. After doing
that, we have to duplicate this
part. Ctrl C, Ctrl D, Ctrl V, Ctrl V.
Low, medium, high, epic, and cinematic.
Let's set this one
quality
button
media
text button. and shadow
height in this. Go to
epic button voice over
epic. And
finally, select this one and set it to
cinematic.
That is one cinematic.
[Music]
This first part is added.
Let's drop it one. Okay. This vertical
box name to shadow vertical box.
Let's dedicate this by from uh pressing
control
D.
Okay. Okay. Okay. What
happens? Second
one. What? And let's go to the padding.
Ping.
Right. Left. Right.
Right. Other
blocks
one button to
20 now it's
fine. I think this one need change this
one to texture quality.
This one is frame rate per
second
range. I have this one in window/port
screen
window. Let's rename the mods. Mod is
better.
Okay, let's change the first one. This
is the door. Let's change it. Okay, for
the texture, we have to select the
button and change the
value. Okay, let's put
this low. Let's mark the
new extra
high per second. Okay. What would I
want? Let's change this
one to 30 frame per
second 60 frame per
second. And
let's
90 90 frames per second. Delete the
final one. And this one we
stand and limit
second. Okay. Select the first button
and this
[Music]
one here
to FPS.
[Music]
MS and the final one is
Autom screen.
[Music]
Okay, this
window and this second
[Music]
Okay, right now we have to go right
here. This set
quantity. Now this is rename it to
texture quality vertical box.
Name this
one fine. Third one is frame
FPS vertical
box. Finally mode this vertical
box. Okay. After that we have to create
uh the back
button and another button apply best
settings. Okay. To do that here, select
this one, the first one. Ctrl
C. Go
here. Not the
original as
selected. And let's go right
here. Ctrl
V.
Okay. And let's go here.
Here. Go down. From this place we have
to go to
transition
transition. Copy from this transition.
Set the value like
this minus
80 and change the value
50. Okay. the first one. Ctrl C and Ctrl
V to duplicate
it. And let's go right
here and change the value of this
one by
transition minus 80.
Okay, in this place is good. Now let's
go here to the transition.
Select this color the text sorry and
rename it
apply IB settings.
Select the button right there and rename
this one
apply button
B. This is the back button. Rename this
one back.
Select the button and from this
back
button okay this is for all for now in
this tutorial I'm going to create the
settings button and the other tutorial
we have to program all those
functionality
uh shadow quality texture frame rate per
seconds
amps. Okay, see you later in the next
part.